(soft chiming music)
Working with toppings and pagination
and dynamically creating pages.
And for that, we need lots and lots of content.
I'm not gonna make you sit here
and type in all the stupid names of the pizzas
that have created.
So we are going to import it all directly into sanity.
If you like filling out forms, by all means,
please go ahead.
But if you take a look at the sanity folder,
so we're flipping back to the back end here,
sanity sample data.
And then in here, you see, we have a text data.
That's just the names of the pizzas
in case you need some sample data
but there's also this all-sample-data.gz
or z if y'all are American,
that is all of the pizzas.
The toppings, the slice masters and all of the images
and the relationships between all of them in one big file.
So we're going to import that directly into sanity.
So go to your sanity route
and the way that we run it,
is your on sanity dataset import.
And then we go to the actual folder.
So sample data,
you can also see into the sample data directory.
And then the file is called all-sample-data.gz.
Then we give it the data set we wanna inject it into,
because earlier we talked about having multiple data set.
In our case, we wanna do it into production.
And then there's optional, you'll see here,
I've run this before there's optionally a dash dash replace.
So if you're running this, like let's say,
you're working with sanity and you delete a bunch of stuff.
And are you modifying, like,
I just wanna go back to what West had.
You can rerun this command
with the dash dash replace command
and that will just overwrite anything on there.
So I've actually just run this just
before running this video.
So you'll see, I have them in there already.
So I'm gonna run it with the dash dash replace value.
You can run it with or without if it's your first time,
it doesn't matter either way.
So when you go ahead and run that,
it will import all the documents for us,
then it will upload all of the images to sanity.
And it's done, that was very quick.
Now, if we go here, I didn't even have to refresh the page.
It automatically show up.
All of our toppings will automatically show
up in here as well as all of our slice masters
will show up here, which is awesome.
So that is basic data.
I really liked that feature just because now we can get
into a working on our toppings filter and selector.
I stopped the video too soon.
I just went to try out
and see if the pizzas were showing up on the pizzas page.
I'm getting this error.
So I thought I'd take you along for debugging this error.
So cannot access property fluid,
pizza.image.asset is null.
So what that means is that we're trying
to say pizza.image.asset.fluid,
probably pizza.image doesn't exist.
So trying to go a little bit deeper doesn't work.
So that's probably like one of the pizzas
doesn't have an image
and we could go to our pizzas here
and scan it really quickly.
Looks like they all have the actual image.
One thing I would try first
before getting too deep into it just kill
the build and restart it.
And as that rebuilds, the other thing I would do is,
so this is obviously causing the issue.
So I would comment that out.
And then at the top of the single pizza,
I would cancel log pizza.image.
And actually I would also cancel pizza.name.
So I know which pizza we're referring to.
And then I would look over each of those
and see if this is ever undefined.
So let's see how this bill is going, refresh the page.
Oh!
Did that fix it? No, it didn't.
Cause I commented it out, okay?
So let's go and check our issue here.
They all seem to have it. Okay.
Let's put that back in.
Alright, this is working.
So all it was was just a restart that was needed.
I guess that happens because sanity pulls in the data.
Sometimes you have to restart Gatsby.
That's the long and hard of what we just learned here.
Alright and the next video,
let's do a little bit more styling with some CSS grid
so we can get these showing up side by side.
I'm also going to show you something cool called sub grid.
So let's see in that one.